hey guys thanks for joining us today my
name is Michael from we be Auto so there
we have a 2000 Camaro SS absolutely
beautiful car 55,000 miles and brand new
rims and tires on it
and just about as clean as it could
possibly get
definitely a fast fun car six feet
another custom stereo in it sounds
really good to be fifty-five thousand
eight hundred and thirty six miles
it sounds good just an alpine stereo the
interiors fantastic never been smoked in
of the t-tops I'm pretty cool
back here
just as clean and nice Sookie
well thanks for joining us say again my
name is Michael from Wiebe autos you
guys have any questions at all just give
us a buzz our number is 63153 9 9 or
check us out online at we b autos comm
thanks a lot and have a great day